meanies hey everyone it's me a pose and
remember how I said I was gonna upload
every other day well I kind of lied I
want to fill in the gaps between days
with little highlight videos and other
games and things like that I can't
upload dealy probably but I'm gonna try
to upload as much as I pot as I as I
goes of it as I possibly can for you
guys so this is like a new little mini
series called apples highlights where I
will show you guys some really good
gameplay I just randomly happened while
I'm hanging out and play minecraft with
friends this clip from today is from the
survival games with Katie and we were
just playing much together be loved
playing together and something it was a
really interesting awesome game and I
think you guys will enjoy it my voice is
kind of low cuz it wasn't a professional
recording but what matters is what's in
the game so enjoy I'll add a little bit
of editing just to spice it up and yeah
like it it like it and let me know in
the comments if you want more cool yep
yeah go fill on this running problem
yeah girl
I sworn drive ended there we go no one
like this store finder what's FF
nice I'm so loud straight poison there
we go Here Come someone else to touch me
nice another one
those three has three watch out this
comes a fourth here comes a fourth oh my
god that's a team right there yeah it is
I'm Julie random girl just ran in yeah
see you girlfriend Emma Steve go for
that mister yep there there the
preoccupied about Steve oh my god
there's a fifth all right the fifth just
kind of watching this chief rights then
we're good I'm gonna go behind them yeah
yeah not all of them are fighting at
once they're all staying back oh you can
him they're all running back yep your
friends nice
sudden change in iron bars yep get them
to the dog team might join can we clean
up nice nice let's just your grandpa
nice nice yep yep yeah yep nice now it's
deal nas doable oh yeah yeah yeah
yeah yeah they're done oh maybe not why
up come on come on yes yes one
she's from below I think she just ran
out of hours to she stopped running all
right stop shooting situation alone nice
rose gonna be a good video I'm gonna
make a special video yeah do it looks so
good yeah it was okay I'm gonna get
tried to better go now uh yeah
nice GG i was so good such a good game
so good ok screw it after all the
editing that went into that i'm just
gonna call this a mini because it
basically is enmity this video was a
mini i hope you enjoyed the surprise
mini do you want to see Kitty and more
videos let me know in the comments below
that was a lot of fun by that editing oh
my god hope you enjoyed it do you guys
next time surprise many